--BEGIN TASK DEFINTION--
For Articles:
Article 698 If a manager engages in benevolent intervention in another's business in order to allow a principal to escape imminent danger to the principal's person, reputation, or property, the manager is not liable to compensate for damage resulting from this unless the manager has acted in bad faith or with gross negligence.
We have ANGELIC Structure:
1. Nodes
Root
R1: “The manager is not liable for damage resulting from the intervention.”

Abstract Factors:
A1: “Benevolent intervention in order to allow the principal to escape imminent danger.”
A2: “Manager acted in bad faith or with gross negligence.”

Base‐Level Factors:
B1: “Principal faced imminent danger to person, reputation, or property.”
B2: “Manager intervened benevolently in the principal’s business to avert that danger.”
B3: “Manager’s conduct was in bad faith or with gross negligence.”

2. Directed Links:
Below, “S” = support link, “A” = attack link.

B1 → A1 (S)

Having an imminent danger to principal (B1) supports (helps establish) that the manager’s act was truly “benevolent intervention in imminent danger” (A1).
B2 → A1 (S)

Showing the manager did in fact intervene benevolently (B2) likewise supports A1.
A1 → R1 (S)

If it is established that the intervention was a benevolent act to avert imminent harm (A1), then that supports the conclusion that the manager is not liable (R1), per Article 698’s main rule.
B3 → A2 (S)

Proof the manager acted in bad faith or with gross negligence (B3) supports the abstract factor that the manager’s conduct was of that sort (A2).
A2 → R1 (A)

If the manager was in bad faith or grossly negligent (A2), it attacks (negates) the manager’s non‐liability (R1). In other words, A2 defeats R1 under the statutory exception.

Then, for query: 
"In cases where an individual rescues another person from getting hit by a car by pushing that person out of the way, causing the person's luxury kimono to get dirty, the rescuer does not have to compensate damages for the kimono."

we have query entail each base level factors:
B1: Entailed
B2: Entailed
B3: Not entailed

Converts the above directed link and entailment into the below Answer Set Programming format:
link(support(node(bfactor(B1)),node(afactor(A1)))).
link(support(node(bfactor(B2)),node(afactor(A1)))).
link(support(node(bfactor(B3)),node(afactor(A2)))).
link(support(node(afactor(A1)),node(root(R1)))).
link(attack(node(afactor(A2)),node(root(R1)))).

entail(query, node(bfactor(B1))).
entail(query, node(bfactor(B2))).

After you generate the facts, think carefully and justify again the format.
--END TASK DEFINITION-